---
author: rickymoorhouse
comments: true
date: 2011-08-15 19:53:40+00:00
layout: post
link: http://blog.rickymoorhouse.co.uk/2011/08/15/noah/
slug: noah
title: But God remembered Noah
wordpress_id: 7291
categories:
- But God...
---

<blockquote>He blotted out every living thing that was on the face of the ground, man and animals and creeping things and birds of the heavens. They were blotted out from the earth. Only Noah was left, and those who were with him in the ark. And the waters prevailed on the earth 150 days.
> 
> But God remembered Noah and all the beasts and all the livestock that were with him in the ark. And God made a wind blow over the earth, and the waters subsided.
> 
> ([Genesis 7:23-8:1](http://www.esvonline.org/Genesis+7.23-8:1) ESV)
> 
> </blockquote>

Here we see the earth covered in water, every living thing blotted out except in the midst of the water there is a big box floating with a family and lots of animals in it. They've been in this box for what must have seemed like ages and just have with them the food God told them to bring. I wonder if they were beginning to think God had forgotten them? God could have let them perish as the rest of mankind had but no - God remembers Noah as he has promised him and makes the waters subside revealing his creation once more.

We are all at the mercy of God - we are his creation and he can do with us what he will. God chose to save Noah and his family in order to restart the human race, Noah trusted God and did what he was told - resulting in his salvation whilst all else was destroyed.

Putting it simply, everything was headed for destruction, but God remembered Noah and rescued him.

What difference will it make remembering that we are all at God's mercy to do what he will with?

Will you trust God in the midst of destruction?

God won't forget us even if his promises seem a long time coming and it feels as if he has.
